GARDENER: Hey what happened to my water?
GROUNDHOG 1: There is something here that
you should knoooooww.
GROUNDHOG 2: The story of water from down belooooww.
GROUNDWATER: Ooh I'm groundwater, I'm all
around, most of your water is under ground
the water we have is all the same
I'm used over and over again
[music]
I surrounded the castle with a watery moat
and I flowed along under Huck Finn's boat
I once dripped down as dinosaur drool and
now I'm the cool, that fills your swimming pool.
GROUNDHOGS: Feel the drops of snow and rain
an age old cycle again and again
groundwater under the ground - 
groundwater flowing down
in the ground - groundwater
all around - Groundwater
Don't you know why we should care - the water we use is every where
GROUNDWATER: Riding along the aquifers, deep down under, where no one stirs
I feed the lakes, streams and lands
I'm pulled by wells, I'm in demand
[Tug boat horn, Slurp sounds]
Flowing along like great buried treasure, slipping through space to small to measure
I may start with an oily sheen, but the dirt and rocks help keep me clean
GROUNDHOGS: Swallow and swim. shave and spray.
We all use water everyday
Some for fishes. Some for dishes. But is there enough for everyone's wishes?
Use it - groundwater Don't abuse it - groundwater
We use our groundwater everyday. Let's make sure it's here to stay.
GROUNDWATER: Oh rainy days, I must lament the troubles I have with tar and cement.
I can't fill the ground if I can't get through.
I'm groundwater, my power is vast, but waste and pollution keep me from my task.
If we are not careful CLEAN water won't last.
GROUNDHOGS: Without some help, we can't carry on.
What will we do if the water is goooooonne?
Every time you brush your teeth remember the water underneath. 
Next time wait. stop. and think
before you dump stuff down the sink
Do you part for water power - learn to take
a shorter shower
Stuff that makes your grass look swell - will
later end up in your well
Protect - Groundwater
Conserve - Groundwater
As you plan to build and grow - leave open
space for water to flow
Be aware! - groundwater
Show you care! - groundwater
Now you are in the know. Don't forget the water down below
Don't forget the water down below
EVERYONE: Don't forget the water down beloooowwww
